[Docs] Add Volumes and Nodes (#861)
hwameistor/hwameistor: docs/docs/volumes_and_nodes/node_expansion/lvm_nodes.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
sidebar_label: "LVM Storage Node"
---

# LVM Storage Node

LVM storage nodes pool the disks on the node and provide LVM-type data volumes for applications.

## Steps

> ### 1. Prepare Storage Node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Prepare a storage node
```

> Add the node into the Kubernetes cluster, or select a Kubernetes node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the node into the Kubernetes cluster or select a Kubernetes node.
```

The node should have all the required items described in [Prerequisites](../../quick_start/install/prereq.md).

> For example, the new node and disk information are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, suppose you have a new node with the following information:
```

k8s-worker-1   Ready    worker           96h     v1.24.3-2+63243a96d1c393
k8s-worker-2   Ready    worker           96h     v1.24.3-2+63243a96d1c393
k8s-worker-3   Ready    worker           96d     v1.24.3-2+63243a96d1c393
k8s-worker-4   Ready    worker           1h      v1.24.3-2+63243a96d1c393

$ kubectl -n hwameistor get pod -o wide | grep k8s-worker-4
hwameistor-local-disk-manager-c86g5     2/2     Running   0     19h   10.6.182.105      k8s-worker-4   <none>  <none>
hwameistor-local-storage-s4zbw          2/2     Running   0     19h   192.168.140.82    k8s-worker-4   <none>  <none>

# check if LocalStorageNode exists
$ kubectl get localstoragenode k8s-worker-4
NAME                 IP           ZONE      REGION    STATUS   AGE
k8s-worker-4   10.6.182.103       default   default   Ready    8d
```

## Add the storage node into HwameiStor

Construct the storage pool of the node by adding a LocalStorageClaim CR as below:

```console
$ kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: hwameistor.io/v1alpha1
kind: LocalDiskClaim
metadata:
  name: k8s-worker-4
spec:
  nodeName: k8s-worker-4
  owner: local-storage
  description:
    diskType: SSD
EOF
```

> ## Post check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Post check
```
